hi I'm Tim Gunn from Project Runway and
I am really thrilled and honored to be
partnering with Campbell's on their
address your heart campaign we have
undergone a nationwide awareness
campaign specifically heart disease is
the number one killer of women in this
country and we wanted to get the word
out so we devised a creative and
innovative competition where we engaged
people coast-to-coast anyone and
everyone to tell us their inspiring
story about a heart health hero and we
asked them to design a corresponding red
dress for that hero the red dress is the
iconic symbol for american heart month
which is februari and the winner of our
competition will walk the red carpet
with his or her design at the red dress
awards during new york fashion week i am
sitting with our three finalists designs
i'm very proud to say these are
sophisticated innovative looks they're
using the red textile in a very profound
way they're using the campbells branding
and a very beautiful um and and tasteful
way the dress that will walk the red
carpet is the Campbells red dress
specifically so we want to make certain
to get that word out as well and you can
help us by going to Campbells address
address your heart calm or website and
voting for the story and the design that
you find to be the most compelling
because your votes will determine the
winner furthermore each of your votes
will trigger a one dollar donation by
Campbell's to the American Heart
Association so everyone wins in this
it's a very very important and very
profound cause so by all of us taking
charge of our health by eating a heart
healthy diet by exercising regularly we
can all engage in limiting this disease
and mitigating the effects of it so this
is a call to action for all of you get
behind us go to Campbells address your
heart calm and let's win